[Scene 1 - All 3 students are independent scenes]

Student 1: It has been two weeks and I've reminded 3 times, still no resolution.

Student 2: I don't think this solves my query.

Student 3: I was not able to find if I'm eligible or not on the website, let me email them.

And thousands of other emails.



[Scene 2 - Two Support Staff and their manager]

Manager: I'm receiving 20-30 of complaints daily about no response from support or incorrect resolutions. The programmes rating has gone down to 3 star and people are more hesitant to enroll.

SS1: Sir, you're getting 20-30 complaints and we're getting 200-300 emails daily

SS2: A lot of students also raise similar issue and replying to each individually eats up a lot of time

SS1: Not only that, but there's no proper way to organize or categorize queries to solve them together or raise them together

SS2: And whenever a student replies to the thread, the priority order gets changed

Manager: Very well. We have decided to try out PIND, let's see if things get better.



[Scene 3 - Introduction of PIND - Support System (dialogues have corresponding minimal UI)]

SS1: Let me look at all admission related queries first. [filters by Admin]

SS1: The most liked query is about eligibility criteria changes. Let me respond to it first.

SS1: Done. Let me also update the FAQs with the new eligibility criteria.

SS2: This, this and this has already been resolved before.

SS2: Let me link the previous solution and notify student [filtered by Portal Issues]



[Scene 4 - Student sided fixes pov]

[Ping]
Student 1: Yes, this resolves my issue. Let me mark it as resolved.

Student 1: I had some issue with payment, let me add the query.

[Enters title, sees a list of suggested similar queries. Clicks on one]

Student 1: Oh this is the same issue I have. This solutio works. Let me upvote it.

Student 2: No, I don't think this is correct, let me ask for more clarification.

[Ping]
Student 3: FAQs have been updated. This is what I was looking for.



[Scene 5 - Reviews go up, more positive feedback etc., happier students happier staff] 

[Happy support staff. Manager walks in]
Manager: Good job, you two. The rating of the program has gone up to 4.5 stars and I haven't received a complaint in a week.

SS1: Haha, no problem sir, actually our work has got a lot easier with PIND.

SS2: Yes, duplicate queries and general questions have reduced significantly.

SS1: Not only that but overall organisation and communication is a lot faster now.
